Fix & Clarify files secretGenerator (#42956)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configmap-secret/managing-secret-using-kustomize.md

  - password=1f2d1e2e67df
{{< /tab >}}
{{% tab name="Files" %}}

> 1.  Store the credentials in files. The filenames are the keys of the secret:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Store the credentials in files. The filenames will be the keys of the secret:
```

Author: Conflicts with the recommendation by @kbhawkey:
> Possible edit: The filenames are the keys of the secret.

I'm fine either way.

Reviewer 2: Another suggestion:
The filenames represent the keys of the secret?

> 1.  Store the credentials in files. The filenames will be the keys of the secret:

Reviewer 2: Hi @Henni .
In the example, since it appears that the values are not base64 encoded, you would like to remove that text?

Later in this page there is a supporting statement: `In all cases, you don't need to base64 encode the values.`

Possible edit: The filenames are the keys of the secret.

Author: > In the example, since it appears that the values are not base64 encoded, you would like to remove that text?

Yes this is the intent of this PR.

> Possible edit: The filenames are the keys of the secret.

👍 applied

- Read more about the [Secret concept](/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/)
- Learn how to [manage Secrets using kubectl](/docs/tasks/configmap-secret/managing-secret-using-kubectl/)

> - Learn how to [manage Secrets using config file](/docs/tasks/configmap-secret/managing-secret-using-config-file/)

Reviewer 2: nit: What has changed on this line?

Author: I think this was just the Github editor automatically adding a newline at the end of the file.
Do you need me to revert this?

Reviewer 3: It's good practice not to change unneeded sections like this, but if it's too much of a pain to revert it should be fine as is.
